Add steps to release docs for more clarity (#526)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/internal/release_process.rst

#. Make sure any and all tests are passing in ``main``. Make sure you have also run tests locally in strict mode (``STRICT=1 nosetests --nologcapture tests``) to catch any warnings in the HTML report that can be fixed before the release.

#. Run the ``tests/update_files.py`` script with the appropriate arguments to make sure that all test data in the new release have correct experiment ids and filenames. If any (non-model) files need to be changed this should be investigated before the branch is released. Please see more details about running this `here <https://rsmtool.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing.html#writing-new-functional-tests>`_.

    .. note:: 

        Some input files might be updated or changed due to changes in SKLL or scikit-learn packages, for example, the inputs and outputs for linearsvr. In this case, the tests need to be rerun and fixed. The process is similar to Example 2 under `Writing new functional tests <https://rsmtool.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing.html#writing-new-functional-tests>`_. You can also see `this pull request <https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/rsmtool/pull/525>`_ for more information. 

    .. note:: 

>         Fairness test files have been excluded from the repository due to their non-deterministic nature so please do not add them back to the repository. More information on these files can be found in `this pull request <https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/rsmtool/pull/410>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Several files have been excluded from the repository due to their non-deterministic nature so please do not add them back to the repository. The following files are currently excluded:
        * Fairness test files for `lr-eval-system-score-constant` test
        * Predictions and all evaluation files for `linearsvr` test. 
     
    Note that the full set of outputs from this test files are also used as input for `rsmcompare` and `rsmsummarize` tests. These *input* files need to be updated following the process under `Writing new functional tests <https://rsmtool.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributing.html#writing-new-functional-tests>`_. You can also see `this pull request <https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/rsmtool/pull/525>`_ for more information. 
```

Reviewer: I think we want to combine these notes into one and re-structure a bit.
